Setup Technical Steering Committee (#1201)
kedro-org/kedro: RELEASE.md

* Added Plotly dataset documentation (`03_tutorial/06_visualise_pipeline.md`).
* Added the upper limit `pandas<1.4` to maintain compatibility with `xlrd~=1.0`.
* Bumped the `Pillow` minimum version requirement to 9.0 (Python 3.7+ only) following [CVE-2022-22817](https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2022-22817).

> * Added detail about Kedro's Technical Steering Committee and governance model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added details about Kedro's Technical Steering Committee and governance model in the contribution guide.
```
Maybe a link too?
